[music]
>> Hi, welcome to another video. So, ever
since I made the Nvidia NIM videos and
the Kimmy K3 videos, a lot of you have
been asking me the same thing in the
comments. Can you make one complete
tutorial on a fully free AI coder setup?
Basically, a setup where you don't pay
for the coding agent, you don't pay for
the models, and you still get something
that is actually usable for real work,
and not just some toy that falls apart
the moment you give it a real task. So,
in this video, that's exactly what we're
going to build. The setup has three
parts. First, a free coding agent, which
is going to be open code. Second, a free
model catalog, which is Nvidia NIM's
preview endpoints on build.nvidia.com.
And third, the star of the show, which
is Kimmy K3, the model that landed third
on my leaderboard, and which you can
currently use completely for free
through ZenML. By the end of this video,
you'll have a terminal coding agent
connected to multiple frontier-level
models, and the total cost of the whole
thing is $0. So, let's get right into
it. First, let's quickly talk about the
agent itself, because that's the base of
everything. I'll be using open code for
this setup. It's free, it's open source,
it works really well in the terminal,
and it has become one of the most
popular agentic coding tools out there.
But, the main reason I'm using it for
this video is that both of the model
sources we're going to use, Nvidia and
ZenML, exist as official providers
inside open code. So, there's no messing
around with config files, no custom
provider JSON, no base URLs. You just
connect them from within open code
itself. Paste your API key and pick your
model. That's it.
Both of these are first-class options in
there, which makes this whole setup
stupidly easy. So, that's part one done.
The agent is free. Now, we need models.
Anyway, now let's come to the first
model source, which is Nvidia NIM.
So, Nvidia has this thing on
build.nvidia.com/models,
where they host a full catalog of models
behind their NIM APIs.
NIM stands for Nvidia inference
microservices, and the simple way to
understand it is that Nvidia takes these
models, optimizes them for their GPUs,
and gives you API endpoints that you can
use through their platform.
And the crazy part is that a huge chunk
of these models have free preview
endpoints for development.
There's actually a filter on the models
page for exactly this.
If you filter the catalog by preview NIM
types, you get the list of all the
models that are hosted as preview
endpoints, which are the ones you can
call for free with just an Nvidia API
key. I'll put the filtered link in the
in in the description so you can see the
exact list yourself. As I'm recording
this, the catalog shows around 140
models in total with roughly 77 free
endpoints in there.
The exact numbers keep changing as they
add and rotate models, but the point is
this is not some tiny demo page. There
are actually serious coding and agentic
models in this list. You've got Nvidia's
own NeMo tron 3 ultra, which is a 550
billion parameter hybrid Mamba
transformer model with a 1 million token
context window. You've got Mini Max M3
preview, which is the big multimodal one
that can handle text, images, and video
and is built for long horizon coding and
design workflows. You've got Step 3.7
flash, which is the fast developer loop
model. And on top of that, there's
DeepSeek V4 flash and Pro GLM 5.1,
Kimiko 2.6, Mini Max M2.7, Mistral
medium 3.5, Qwen models, Gemma models,
and a lot more. So, from one single API
key, you're getting access to models
from basically every major open model
lab. That is actually amazing.
And getting it into Open Code is as
simple as it gets. You sign in on Nvidia
build, grab your API key, and since
Nvidia is an official provider in Open
Code, you just connect it there, paste
the key, and all of these models show up
in your model picker. No setup
gymnastics at all. So, that's the Nvidia
side done. Honestly, you could stop
right here and already have a really
solid free setup.
But now, let's come to the best part of
this video because there's one model
that I really want in this setup and
that is Kimmy K3. If you watched my
benchmark video on it, you know that K3
scored 62 out of 80 on KingBench, which
put it in third place overall, just
behind Fable 5 and Opus 4.8. And I said
back then that the benchmark actually
undersells it because in real messy long
horizon agentic work, it feels better
than Opus 4.8 and GPT 5.6 Soul.
It grabs a task by its head and just
doesn't give up until it's finished. It
doesn't overthink.
It doesn't stop halfway to ask you what
to do next, and it's really good at
using whatever tools it finds available.
So, obviously, the question is, how do
you get this model for free? Well, this
is where ZenMLX comes in. ZenMLX is an
AI model aggregation platform, kind of
like OpenRouter. It gives you one API
that routes to a bunch of different
models from different labs.
And right now, they have Kimmy K3 listed
as Moonshot AI  Kimmy-K3-Free,
and it is free for a limited time on
their pay-as-you-go system. So, you're
getting Moonshot's flagship model, which
is a 2.8 trillion parameter model with
their Kimmy Delta attention setup and a
full 1 million token context window at
zero cost.
I'm saying for a limited time because
that's exactly what they say on the
model page. This is clearly a
promotional thing to get people onto the
platform before normal pricing kicks in.
So, if you're watching this video a few
weeks after release, check the model
page first to see if the free tag is
still there.
Take the timing with a grain of salt,
but as of right now, it works and it's
free.
They also have a few other free models
on there like Gemini 3 Flash Preview,
GLM 4.6 Flash, and KIT Code Lama Pro,
all with the dash free suffix. So, the
platform is worth poking around in
general, and just like Nvidia, ZenMLX is
also an official provider in OpenCode.
So, the flow is exactly the same. You
create a free ZenMLX account, grab an
API key, connect ZenMLX inside OpenCode,
and then just select the Kimmy K3 free
model. Since the model itself is free,
you don't even need to load any credits
to use it. So, now you have the full
setup. OpenCode as the free agent, the
Nvidia Nim preview catalog as your free
model buffet, and Kimmy K3 through Zen
Max as your free frontier model. Two
providers connected once and a whole
roster of models sitting in one model
picker. Now, let me tell you how I would
actually use this day-to-day because
having five models connected is nice,
but you need a mental model for when to
use what. My daily driver in this setup
would be Kimmy K3. It's the strongest
model of the bunch and the long horizon
capability is the whole point. But,
remember what I said in the K3 video
about steering it. Prompt it to the
final goal, not the next step. Don't
baby sit it with small instructions one
by one.
Describe the finish line, tell it how to
verify the result, and let it run. It
genuinely performs better this way.
Then, for quick stuff like small
refactors, docs, simple bug fixes, and
repo Q&A, I would switch to step 3.7
flash on the Nvidia side because speed
matters in a terminal loop and waiting
forever between every file edit is just
annoying.
For front-end and design-heavy work or
anything where the model needs to
understand screenshots, I would try Mini
Max M3 because it's the multi-modal one.
And for the really hard planning and
reasoning tasks or when I want a second
opinion on something K3 did, I would
bring in Nemotron 3 Ultra because a 550
billion parameter reasoning model with a
million token context as a free backup
is just ridiculous.
And switching between all of these is
just a model picker away inside Open
Code.
You connect both providers once and then
you swap models per task. That's the
whole workflow.
Now, before we wrap up, let me be clear
about the word free here because I
always want to be precise with this. On
the Nvidia side, these are free
serverless endpoints for development.
For normal coding usage, it can feel
almost unlimited, but these endpoints
have rate limits. Some models get slower
when a lot of people are hammering them,
and models can move from preview to paid
or get deprecated. So, this is for
development, testing, and personal
projects, not for running some
production service. And on the Zen Max
side, like I said, the K3 free access is
a limited-time thing. Enjoy it while it
lasts. And if it goes paid, you still
have the whole Nvidia catalog sitting
right there in the same setup, including
Kimmy K2.6.
But, even with those caveats, think
about what this setup actually is. A
year or two ago, getting this kind of
model quality in a coding agent meant
paying for at least one or two
subscriptions plus API costs on top.
Right now, a student with zero budget
can have a terminal agent running a top
three model on my leaderboard with a 1
million token context window, backed up
by an entire catalog of frontier open
models, and pay literally nothing. Most
of the students who watch my channel are
exactly the people this is for.
So, that's the complete free AI coder
setup, open code plus the Nvidia NIM
preview endpoints, plus Kimmy K3 free on
Zen Max. All the links will be in the
description. Overall, it's pretty cool.
Anyway, let me know your thoughts in the
comments. If you like this [music]
video, consider donating through the
super thanks option or becoming a member
by clicking the join button. Also, give
this video [music] a thumbs up and
subscribe to my channel. I'll see you in
the next one. Until then, bye.
>> [music]
[music]